this is uh ship and man working some
stalkers for God and no law healed nor
thousand three working some stalkers for
man in law Hill
he's a group of about seventy here did
are going to be shipped in the next
couple of days and this guy just wanted
six dogs can have them get them up and
this is sort of what you get when you're
working young stalkers a lot of them
have a lot of run in them but you know
this is only one little white ape-like
makes you a fence around this air and
it's always holding the cows in and they
have a little run in them but if you
start cattle right with dogs and have
the right type dogs all right kind of
dogs to work them with you can eliminate
a lot of down fences and a lot of weight
run off and they say they're going to
they're going to try to run but you got
to have a dog to go to the head like you
see this specialist is a female man go
to the head
the old ship dog they're the sheepdog
line has some woke up to him here woke
up and bumped out in the nose get her
moving but these stalkers get the
running knoefel lot uh he's got a lot of
give to him as you see when they started
going off here this land dog see I put
him in a circle and shut him down in a
heartbeat and when come back around you
can count the nose she bid as she went
around and you can see what she doing
she's biting and oh he was going around
putting him in a circle and I she'll
come shut him down and in just a minute
and she has a lot of woke up powers you
can look at a cab right now and walk
right up pop them in the nose down and
wait for him to me
good females like this are hard to come
by and she was a good one I lost her
ring out of any basically any of the
letters that I get this high percentage
of man are usually really good know
because you work pairs well she works
his daughters and now this guy said
after I got these cattle up for him that
he would never run another cow worried
about getting them up the tape to the
marking anymore
I sold him a couple of young dogs and he
used him for a while I was by his place
the other day seven years later and he
still got one of the old McCollum dogs
that I sold lost his other agrees dog
got run over yeah he still has the old
McCollum dog and you can see it didn't
take long
listen ten minutes to get the cows up
and get them in the barn and they
weren't in a race that much and you
notice the gates not gonna be closed
dogs are the gate they lying down and
sort of go in the gate and don't have to
worry about the cows coming back out as
long and the dogs are there this is a
ship in Snow Hill ship in Smoothie old
man both being real good dog ship being
a real good handling dog that you can
put him anywhere anytime and get the job
done he's not a real powerful though but
he's really really good you know he's
half McCallum and I have